---
layout:         interview_entry
title:
class:          interview
categories:     interview
permalink:      /with/billy/
photo:          /img/interviews/12-04-13-billy.jpg
pull-quote:
location:       8th avenue &amp; Jane Street
date-time:      11:21 a.m. on Wednesday, December 4
---
<p class="question">What are you doing today?</p>
<p>Selling Christmas trees. It’s our 26th season on Jane st. Thanksgiving is late this year, so it’s a short season. Man, has it been busy. We’re open 24 hours a day, until midnight on Christmas Eve. We sell or recieve something 24 hours a day. There are three of us, myself, my son and my son in law, and a bunch of neighborhood misfits who help us run the place. Actually, we couldn’t run it without them.</p>

<p>We spend eleven months in Vermont and one month is Manhattan. What could be better? Many of my customers are jealous. </p>

<p class="question">What's your favorite part of the day?</p>
<p>My favorite part of a weekday like this is the mornings when I can sit here, drink tea, eat a bagel and greet people and talk. Usually by 10 a.m. it’s very busy. This morning, for some reason, by 8 a.m. it was very busy. So I didn’t get to do my little sit around and eat my bagel thing. But that’s my favorite part of the day. I love it. The sun hits me here. The people are greeting me every five minutes. </p>

<p>My favorite part of the whole deal is the people. Meeting the people and the relationships. But this is the Wednesday website, so my favorite part is sitting here and having people say Merry Christmas.</p>

<p class="question">What are you doing tomorrow?</p>
<p>Tomorrow I’ll be doing the same thing. Same thing, same thing up until midnight on Christmas eve. We’re open 24 hours. I live right here on the corner, until midnight on Christmas eve. I might get a beer or pizza here and there. But mostly it’s right here where we’re standing selling trees. We used to be a small business, now we’re a big business in a small space. It’s very hectic. I have ten or twelve neighborhood kids working for me. It’s a riot here. If you like action, try Saturday morning at 11 o’clock. It’s a zoo here. There’s kids, people, trees, helpers. We got one big shipment of trees at the beginning, and now we get twice a week or more. We fill in with little orders.</p>

