---
layout:         interview_entry
title:          Scott
class:          interview
categories:     interview
permalink:      /with/scott/
photo:          /img/interviews/10-08-13-scott.jpg
pull-quote:
location:       Cobble Hill Park
date-time:      8:28 a.m. on Wednesday, October 2
---
<p class="question">What are you doing today?</p>
<p>I’m going to go to work later on. I teach. I’m going to go teach some courses, and then I’m going to go work on some projects this afternoon, some articles that I’m working on.  I teach media and communications. I teach advertising. I teach public relations. I teach mass communications. And I write, I have to write. I have to publish this stuff. It is pretty much a good day. Every day is a good day.</p>

<p class="question">What's your favorite part of the day?</p>
<p>I’m a morning person. I enjoy the mornings more. I like to take it easy in the morning and then work later on in the day. And I get more work done in the evening than I do in the morning. That’s just a habit I’ve had in life for a long time. I like to work late in the night. I usually stay in my office until after midnight most often. I like coming out in the morning, there aren’t many folks around. I come out of my office, there aren’t many folks around. I don’t have anything against people, I like people. But the kind of work I do, just by nature, I spend a lot of time alone. </p>

<p>It’s pretty solitary work. You’re either spending time reading other people’s works, that’s how you get to know people, is basically through their writing, or you’re spending time with your own thoughts. I think that’s almost a danger of the job, is that you spend too much time with your own thoughts.</p>

<p class="question">What are you doing tomorrow?</p>
<p>Similar schedule.</p>