---
layout:         interview_entry
title:          Michelle
class:          interview
categories:     interview
permalink:      /with/michelle/
photo:          /img/interviews/7-31-13-michelle.jpg
pull-quote:
location:       Shore Road Park
date-time:      9:00 a.m. on Wednesday, July 31
---

<p class="question">What are you doing today?</p>
<p>Well, this morning I am sitting. I am sitting in the sun at the park. It's a perfect morning for it. It's not hot, it's not humid. It's just a lovely way to start the day. </p>

<p class="question">Do you do this often?</p>
<p>As much as we can, yes.</p>

<p class="question">Couple times a week? </p>
<p>It kind of depends. Once it starts getting warm, then it's not a good place for it. What I'll do on some mornings is, where I live it's a corner and the cross breeze is coming from two directions. So I'll just take, well not this chair, but a regular lawn chair and sit by the corner, by the apartment building, get the cross breeze, do that for an hour. Usually I read my newspaper. </p>

<p class="question">So you're in a bigger apartment building?</p>
<p>Yes. </p>

<p class="question">So you can't just sit out on the stoop or anything. </p>
<p>No, I don't have a stoop anymore. And I don't have a terrace, I would love a terrace. It's on the list of things I'd love to have.</p>

<p class="question">And how long have you lived around here?</p>
<p>I don't live in the heart of Bay Ridge, I'm sort of on the border. But basically, I've lived here for 45 years. My grandparents lived a block from where I live now. All my life, basically. I actually grew up in Bensonhurst, on 14th avenue, right across the street from the golf course. </p>

<p class="question">And who do you live with now? </p>
<p>My sister. </p>

<p class="question">And what time did you wake up this morning? </p>
<p>6 o'clock. In the winter I sleep later and go to bed late. Go out when it's warmer.</p>

<p class="question">What is your favorite part of the day?</p>
<p>I do like the early morning. I like the quiet of the early morning. When you can open the windows and listen to the birds. And then, again I like late nights. It's quiet. I like the quiet. </p>

<p class="question">What are you doing tomorrow?</p>
<p>Tomorrow it's supposed to rain, and I have a doctors appointment at 3 o'clock. </p>
