---
layout:         interview_entry
title:          Susie
class:          interview
categories:     interview
permalink:      /with/susie/
photo:          /img/interviews/9-04-13-susie.jpg
pull-quote:
location:       Brimfield Antique Show
date-time:      2:07 p.m. on Wednesday, September 4
---
<p class="question">What are you doing today?</p>
<p>I’m watering my plants here. It’s turned out to be a beautiful day here in the hot sun. So, I have to haul a lot of water in because I’m at an antique show and they need tender, loving care. Because I’m the plant lady at this show. I’ve been doing it for 20 years or more. So I have a lot of repeat customers. I’m known for my plants and other things. </p>

<p class="question">Are you here all day?</p>

<p>Yeah, I’m here all week. I’ve been here since Saturday, setting up. I’m here until Saturday or Sunday. It depends on how much I sell and what the weather is like. I’m here for the duration. I never leave early. Nobody leaves from this field. Other fields, people will stay for a few hours or a day. We all stay. We’re very committed to everyone staying here. We have customers all week long.</p>


<p class="question">What’s your favorite part of the day?</p>

<p>I just love it all. I absolutely do.</p>

<p>I’m happy when I wake up. I sleep here too. I sleep either in my van with my little dog, Ted. Or we sleep in a tent in the back. We’re very happy. We’re happy when we wake up. I make coffee. Fresh ground beans. I know how to travel. And I love seeing my customers. I have a lot of repeat customers, because I’ve been here so long. So I love seeing them again. It’s more than business, we hug. We talk about real things going on in our lives. It’s friendships over years. I’m happy all day long. By the end of the day, I’m happy to have a glass of wine and I have dinner with friends. We either do something here on the field or we go to a nearby restaurant.</p>

<p class="question">What are you doing tomorrow?</p>

<p>Same thing. Same old, same old. You know, water the plants, take good care of them so that they look really good. Bag up some more potpourri. </p>

<p>You know, I’m constantly redecorating the booth, moving things around. This table has been there a while, move that, maybe move this over, change things on top of the tables. They look different placed in a different arrangement. </p>

<p>I love this booth because it has shrubbery around it and it kind of goes with my stuff. I’m really happy in this space. I tried other fields before finding this one, and I’m really happy here. And this is my gypsy family. We convene, we gather as a group. It’s very sad at the end of September Brim, because we won’t see each other until May. We keep in touch with email or Facebook, but it’s not like being together. I’m very fond of my neighbors. </p>