---
layout:         interview_entry
title:          Rashad
class:          interview
categories:     interview
permalink:      /with/rashad/
photo:          /img/interviews/8-14-13-rashad.jpg
pull-quote:
location:       Brooklyn Bridge Park
date-time:      1:30 p.m. on Wednesday, August 14
---

<p class="question">What are you doing today?</p>
<p>Well, right now I’m working for the DEP, so it’s just another day at work. After this, I’m planning to go home. I’m not really sure what I’m going to do. Hopefully find something fun to do.</p>

<p>I live in Staten Island. So it will take me a few hours to get home from here. Around two, usually. Hope this will help me out in the future, getting a permanent job at the DEP. </p>

<p>This is a summer internship. I started in early May and it will end around mid-August. </p>

<p>My job entails coming to one of these fountains at a certain location, usually at Brooklyn Bridge, City Hall, or Union Square. We just tell the public about the benefits of New York City water. Try to get them to use tap water instead of bottled water, to help preserve the environment, not waste so much plastic and money. Especially living in the New York, the tap water is so great. </p>

<p class="question">What's your favorite part of the day?</p>

<p>I’d like to say the end of the day, because it gets kind of tiring standing out here for about seven or eight hours a day lecturing people. It has it’s perks, but the end of the work day is definitely my favorite.</p>

<p class="question">What are you doing tomorrow?</p>
<p>Tomorrow I’m working at Union Square. I’ll be there around 9:30. And at night I have  a birthday party to go to up in Queens at a hookah lounge. So, that should be fun.</p>