---
layout:         interview_entry
title:          Juan
class:          interview
categories:     interview
permalink:      /with/juan/
photo:          /img/interviews/7-31-13-juan.jpg
pull-quote:
location:       Shore Road Park
date-time:      9:15 a.m. on Wednesday, July 31
---

<p class="question">What are you doing today?</p>
<p>I'm just getting a morning workout here. Pretty much, just shoot hoops in the morning. That's how I start my day. </p>

<p class="question">Every day?</p>
<p>Well, I try to at least. Three times a week, at least. I've been trying to get back in shape, so I figured this would be the best way to start. </p>

<p class="question">Do you live around here? </p>
<p>I actually live in Staten Island. But I work here and I have a lot of friends here. I usually come to Brooklyn a lot. I'm actually going to meet up with some friends after, so I figured I'd shoot here first. </p>

<p class="question">What are you guys going to do today?</p>
<p>Today we're going to head over to a friend's house to have a little barbecue. Just have some people over, hang out and enjoy the day. </p>

<p class="question">What time did you wake up this morning?</p>
<p>I woke up around 6:30. Ate a little something, took a shower then headed out here. I've been here for about 30 minutes. </p>

<p class="question">Who do you live with?</p>
<p>Right now I live with my parents and my brother. </p>

<p class="question">What are you doing tomorrow?</p>
<p>Well, I don't know if I'll be able to shoot hoops in the morning, but tomorrow I'll be working. So I won't be able to play hoops in the morning. But I'll see if I can get some sort of workout in. </p>

<p class="question">And what do you do for work? </p>
<p>I work as a clerk in a hospital. I work evening shifts, so I work from 3pm until late at night.</p>

<p class="question">What is your favorite part of the day? </p>
<p>Probably the morning. I'm a morning person. I feel like if you have a good start to the day, then the rest of the day should go pretty well. </p>
