---
layout:         interview_entry
title:          Libby
class:          interview
categories:     interview
permalink:      /with/libby/
photo:          /img/interviews/7-24-13-libby.jpg
pull-quote:
location:       Madison Square Park
date-time:      9:10 a.m. on Wednesday, July 24
---

<p class="question">What are you doing today?</p>

<p>I'm shooting a student film, but the actor hasn't shown up yet. So these are some of the guys on the project. The director goes to New York Film Academy and he's waiting for the actor, who's over an hour late.</p>

<p>This doesn't usually happen. He's probably panicking more than me though. I'm just sitting here waiting.</p>

<p class="question">What time did you wake up?</p>

<p>At 6.</p>

<p class="question">How did you get over here?</p>

<p>The F to the R, we met at Union Square and then walked up here.</p>

<p class="question">What is your favorite part of the day?</p>

<p>Probably evening. Usually because I'm done with work. I just like the light, and it cools off in the summer. It's nicer then. Early morning is nice too. I like the less hot parts of the day.</p>

<p class="question">What are you doing tomorrow?</p>

<p>Tomorrow I'm off, so I don't know, we'll see. I don't have to work. I've been doing some time lapse photography with flowers. So I have one flower that will hopefully will open. I did it yesterday, and I had it in the air conditioned living room and it didn't open. The kitchen is near the highway so it shakes. And it had leaves, so I'm going to cut the leaves off so they won't move as much. And I need the sun and the warmth. There's no air conditioning in the kitchen so I think it will open up.</p>

<p class="question">So it's that fast that you can do this in one day?</p>

<p>Well it depends on the flower. I tried a flower outside in my garden from 6:30 to 9:30, but my camera starting overheating and it barely moved. I picked this dahlia and it's just really slow to open. Some I think will open. We'll see, I just started. This is my second flower. Hopefully I'll get some good stuff. I'm getting that flicker problem. Have you done time lapse before?</p>

<p class="question">Not really. Is it shaking?</p>

<p>It's not that it's shaking, it's the light changing. It reads like a flicker. I did one minute intervals yesterday, for about 7 or 8 hours. I kept it on the same exposure. The first time I did it — I just started doing these and if you change the shutter, I was changing to shutter to change exposure which was a big mistake. That was the first time I did it though. And I didn't do any research, it was kind of stupid. I just read how to use the intervalometer. But anyway, yesterday everything was consistent. I think the intervals are too long though so it fluctuates and it reads like a flicker. But it looked kind of cool. Even though nothing moved, the flower kind of breathed and went up and came back down. So yeah, I'm going to do that tomorrow. </p>