---
layout:         interview_entry
title:          Chris
class:          interview
categories:     interview
permalink:      /with/chris/
photo:          /img/interviews/7-24-13-chris.jpg
pull-quote:
location:       Madison Square Park
date-time:      9:20 a.m. on Wednesday, July 24
---
<p class="question">What are you doing today?</p>

<p>Just hanging out here for a couple of minutes. I start work at 10 on 27th street So I biked down this morning. </p>

<p class="question">What do you do?</p>

<p>I'm an acupuncturist. I've been doing it for seven years. I broke my back when I was 21 and that was the only thing that helped. I didn't end up getting surgery, but that was the only thing that was able to get the pain to go away. I was going to be a doctor before that, but after acupuncture worked, I was like "fuck this shit, this is cool, I gotta learn how to do acupuncture so I can help people."</p>

<p class="question">So it was that effective that you went and did it yourself.</p>

<p>Yeah. Well, a lot of times in medicine, they're like, "hey, let's see." It's someone listening to your problems, if something works even a little bit, it's a huge progress in the right direction.</p>

<p class="question">Do you enjoy it?</p>

<p>I love it. It's a lot of work sometimes. </p>

<p>I've been around Chelsea for the whole time. I've been in the office I'm at for four years now. But I'm moving in a couple of weeks. </p>

<p class="question">What time did you wake up this morning?</p>

<p>6am</p>

<p class="question">Do you live by yourself?</p>

<p>I live with my fiancée.</p>

<p class="question">What's your favorite part of the day?</p>

<p>I think the morning. And then the 15 minutes before I go to sleep. It's peaceful. In the morning I get to set up the intention of how the whole day is going to go and what I want to create. And at night it's nice to reflect on it and see what worked and what didn't.</p>

<p class="question">What are you doing tomorrow?</p>

<p>Tomorrow, I have another office up in Westchester so I'll wake up early and drive up there.</p>

<p class="question">You're not biking up there?</p>

<p>No, but one of these days I'm going to. It's only like 26 miles and there's a path. I'm in Mount Kisco so you can take the bike path all the way up the Saw Mill. They just don't have a shower up there, so it's been way to hot to just show up and start talking to people all sweaty. There's been days that have been bad. The A/C broke a couple weeks ago and I'm like blotting myself off with paper towels. </p>