---
layout:         interview_entry
title:          Gabby
class:          interview
categories:     interview
permalink:    /with/gabby/
photo:        /img/interviews/06-18-14-gabby.jpg
pull-quote:
location:   Cooper Square
date-time:    9:23 a.m. on Wednesday, June 18
---

<p class="question">What are you doing today?</p>
<p>Today I’m promoting for the Hudson Project. It’s a music festival in upstate New York. It’s three days with camping. I have to do it secretly because I don’t know if I’m allowed to do this. I don’t know if it’s legal. Well I don’t know if you can hang up posters in New York City. Wouldn’t it be street art? If I’m allowed to put up posters for advertising, but graffiti artists can’t put up their work without getting arrested. I don’t get it. So now I just put these up, take a picture and then bounce. So even if they do take it down, I still get free tickets.
</p>

<p class="question">What's your favorite part of the day?</p>
<p>When I get to go home and relax. After this I might do my aerial class, silk dancing when the sun goes down. I might do that. If I don’t make the class, I have to go to work in Tribeca. But I have to go all the way up to Queens and then come all the way back down. </p>

<p>It’s where you tie yourself into the silk. The way you tie, is the way you can fall. You fall and unravel yourself. I just started. My friend has been doing it for a few years and she taught me how to do some. I hula hoop dance with fire and LED lights, so I’m trying to do things that can get me other jobs in performing. </p>

<p class="question">What are you doing tomorrow?</p>
<p>Tomorrow is my day off. I hear it’s going to rain, so it’s either go to the aquarium or go out to dinner. I’m taking someone out on a date and I don’t want to stay in my house just yet. I want to hang out in the city. I don’t want to go to a movie. I’d rather talk and have a conversation. </p>