---
layout:         interview_entry
title:          Kevin
class:          interview
categories:     interview
permalink:    /with/kevin/
photo:        /img/interviews/07-16-14-kevin.jpg
pull-quote:
location:   Rockaway Beach
date-time:    9:40 a.m. on Wednesday, June 25
---

<p class="question">What are you doing today?</p>
<p>Right now I’m doing my exercise. I’m chanting and praying. I’m between jobs, but I’m starting to teach yoga on the beach in front of my building in the mornings. But, whatever the day brings, a little bit of reading, it’s hard to say from one day to the next.</p>

<p class="question">What's your favorite part of the day?</p>
<p>Probably night time. Living in Rockaway, when the sun goes down it gets cooler, it’s quieter. After the heat of the day, it’s more pleasant for me at night. But mornings are nice too. Before the crowds, before the heat kicks in. </p>

<p class="question">What are you doing tomorrow?</p>
<p>Probably the same. Right now I’m in a funk. I’m fifty six years old and I’m trying to stay healthy. I’ve had some physical problems over the last few years, my shoulders, my joints. I was a lifeguard for many years on the ocean. In Riis Park and in Rockaway. But because of my physical limitation I can’t go back this year. So that’s why I’m going through a change of life right now. I’m sure it will work itself out, but you know, it takes time to figure out what I’m going to do next. But that’s kind of the exciting part, really. I don’t know what I’m going to be doing next. We’ll see what happens. </p>
<p>I’ve done the same thing for so long, maybe it’s time for a change. You know, life is about change. Even to accept growing old and to die, a change of body, a change of life. So it’s something I’ll probably have to deal with eventually, I might as well start dealing with it now. I leave it up to the higher power. What control do I have? I pray for some direction on where I’m going to go next. </p>