---
layout:         interview_entry
title:          Ashley
class:          interview
categories:     interview
permalink:    /with/ashley/
photo:        /img/interviews/04-09-14-ashley.jpg
pull-quote:
location:   Carroll Gardens
date-time:    5:38 p.m. on Wednesday, April 9
---

<p class="question">What are you doing today?</p>
<p>This morning I went to work at a bakery/restaurant called Runner &amp; Stone. I went to work at one in the morning. So I got off of work around ten o’clock. And then I went to an art studio. I do oil paintings, and my art studio is a couple of blocks from Runner &amp; Stone, it’s called Brooklyn Art Space in Gowanus. I went there and finished my painting. And then I came here and I’m reading Game of Thrones.</p>

<p class="question">What's your favorite part of the day?</p>
<p>It’s hard to say because I had such an awesome morning baking bread. It was just one of those mornings where everything went really smoothly and I was really happy with my baguette shapes. So that was really good. Also, finishing a painting is a great feeling. It starts off as a blank canvas, so when you’re finished it’s a good feeling. And right now I’m up to a really good part in the book. It’s a beautiful day out, just one of those good days. </p>

<p class="question">What are you doing tomorrow?</p>
<p>I have off from work. If it’s this nice, probably just walk around. Walk over the Brooklyn Bridge or do something like that. If it’s not nice out, I’ll spend the day in my art studio.</p>

<p class="note small"><em><strong>Editor's Note:</strong> Ashley invited us into her home and shared some of her paintings with us. They're delicious and we highly recommend checking out her <a href="http://www.etsy.com/shop/CanvasByAshley">Etsy shop</a>.</em></p>