---
layout:         interview_entry
title:          Liv
class:          interview
categories:     interview
permalink:    /with/liv/
photo:        /img/interviews/06-25-14-liv.jpg
pull-quote:
location:   Rockaway Beach
date-time:    9:25 a.m. on Wednesday, June 25
---

<p class="question">What are you doing today?</p>
<p>Today I’m going to go surfing. I’m busy at about five, so I figure if I come in the morning, I’ll catch three, four hours and have a pretty good day from here on out. They conditions are supposed to be the best today and tomorrow, but a lot of people are scared off by this little bit of fog and rain. But hey, if I’m already in the water, what’s a couple more drops going to do?</p>
<p>None of my buddies wanted to come out with me. I’m the only one that actually surfs. They heard it was crummy weather and they’re like, not even for that will we sit on the beach. Surfing is like my version of yoga, it’s my me time. So I’m not too offended. </p>

<p class="question">What's your favorite part of the day?</p>
<p>Honestly, whenever I get a couple of hours to get out here. I snowboard too, so I’m transitioning from my snowboarding season to my surfing season. It’s always my favorite part of the year. </p>

<p class="question">What are you doing tomorrow?</p>
<p>I just graduated high school, so all my friends and I are going to go hang by the pool tomorrow and pretend like we’re fancy, reading Cosmo and drinking fruity beverages. It’ll be fun. I actually just signed a modeling contract with an agency based out of Manhattan. So I’m not going to college right away, I’ll be doing that for a little bit, which will be a lot of fun. Because honestly, I’m not too sure what I want to do with my life and college is a $50,000 commitment for something I’m unsure of. I figured, why not? It’ll be fun!</p>