---
layout:         interview_entry
title:          Giovanni
class:          interview
categories:     interview
permalink:    /with/giovanni/
photo:        /img/interviews/10-22-14-giovanni.jpg

location:   Union Street Bridge, Brooklyn
date-time:   6:22 p.m. on Wednesday, September 17
---

<p class="question">What are you doing today?</p>
<p>Today I worked for an artist in Soho, doing some gilding on some of his large paintings. He makes giant abstract paintings. He’s world famous, from New Zealand. I did some gilding, I met with some people who are making a documentary film on us, and I bought a tie because I’m going to a wedding next week in London. Now I’m going to my apartment right over there on Union street. I’m going to drop off my crap, put on my painting clothes and go to my painting studio down there by 9th st. And I will paint a giant thing pink, and then when that dries I’m painting a wolf on top of that, a black wolf. So that’s what I’m doing tonight. It’s going to be a six foot painting of a wolf with a pink background. </p>

<p class="question">What's your favorite part of the day?</p>
<p>I just now came out of the train and it’s still pretty sunny, but I saw some things with the trees that I thought would be great to paint. Clumps of trees had all of these shadows in them, and where it was thinner, they were brightly lit, so you can see that. It just makes sense, but you don’t think of it as a painter, necessarily, it’s just a cool trick. Obviously the leaves are casting shadows on each other, so where it’s thin, they are well lit. I just thought that was awesome.</p>

<p class="question">What are you doing tomorrow?</p>
<p>Tomorrow I am shipping a painting of mine to California, which freaks me out. I have to take it to FedEx, It’s a five foot painting that I’m packing in cardboard and shipping to California. I have to send it and make sure it’s OK.</p>