---
layout:         interview_entry
title:          Eddie
class:          interview
categories:     interview
permalink:    /with/eddie/
photo:        /img/interviews/05-07-14-eddie.jpg
pull-quote:
location:   Battery Park City
date-time:    5:43 p.m. on Wednesday, May 7
---

<p class="question">What are you doing today?</p>
<p>I’m waiting to start a meeting. I volunteer for an organization that helps to provide housing and services people with mental illness. It’s called The Bridge and it’s been around for about 50 years. I serve on one of the boards to help create events to raise money and awareness. </p>

<p>Earlier, my friend is leaving for Europe on a bike trip, so I was helping him pack up his bike. Then we stopped to say hi to his sister’s dog. Then I got breakfast and I went to work for a couple hours.</p>

<p class="question">What's your favorite part of the day?</p>
<p>It would have to be really early in the morning or the sunset, because the colors are really pretty and everything feels alive around then. I like the morning because it’s quiet and I can get a lot done before everyone starts moving around. The air is usually a little crisper and cleaner in the morning. I live in Brooklyn and sometimes in the morning you can smell salt in the air from the ocean. Sometimes. </p>

<p class="question">What are you doing tomorrow?</p>
<p>Well my work is kind of rain related, so if it rains I’ll probably stay home and work on my friend’s bike. I told her I’d fix it and I’m behind on that. If not, I’ll go to work. I’m an engineer and I work in consulting so if it’s raining, they call off work for the day and I have to find something else to do. It’s not so bad.</p>