---
layout:         interview_entry
title:          Paul
class:          interview
categories:     interview
permalink:    /with/paul/
photo:        /img/interviews/9-24-14-paul.jpg

location:   Fort Greene Park
date-time:   11:50 a.m. on Wednesday, September 3
---

<p class="question">What are you doing today?</p>
<p>I'm homeless, so I woke up at LaGuardia airport. Then I came down here to the pier to get some peace and quiet. </p>

<p>I don’t want to ever end my life, but I’m thinking, shit, things are not good. I don’t want to keep on going like this. No sleep will make you think funny things. And this has been for four months. You try sleeping at the taxi runway at the airport. I have my blanket that I put down, I have a pillow. I sleep there, but you don’t really sleep. It’s not comfortable. So I’ve been there for the last four months. </p>

<p>I’m just pondering what I got to do. I’ve got my stuff in storage. If I could get out New York today, I would. I could go to Colorado, there’s disposable income there.</p>

<p>It’s good to come down here. It’s peaceful, no one is by you.</p>

<p class="question">What's your favorite part of the day?</p>
<p>Early morning, because it’s most quiet then. People aren’t all out and discombobulated. I used to live in Astoria. It’s quiet and safe over there. I used to go to the park there before I went to work, to sit down, look at the East River, get my thoughts together. Probably 7am to 8am.</p>

<p class="question">What are you doing tomorrow?</p>
<p>Tomorrow is Thursday. I get my check from Easter Seals. I've got to go back to this place in the South Bronx. I keep calling him but he’s not getting back to me. What should I do? Should I go down to this place for veterans where they give you clothes? I was thinking about going there tomorrow. </p>
<p>I’ll probably try to do some yoga tomorrow too. Get my body in shape. Maybe I’ll go to the gym tomorrow and work out. I’ve got all these logistics to deal with. I’ve got to go up to The Bronx to my locker to get my clothes. I gotta pay $45 a month, which I really don’t have. </p>